1    Which of these attributes are mandatory for all MFT entries?
        DATA
        STANDARD INFORMATION X
        FILENAME X
        ..
2    Which job is a good prequisite to easily become a forensics expert?
        Dentist
        System administrator X
        Teachers
        Network engineer X
3    What statements are true about UserAssist?
        Stores each program execution date
        Stores the last program execution date X
        Stores the number of program executions X
        Is saved in the registry X
4    What sizes are currently used in the NTFS file system?
        4096 bytes sector size (used to be 512 bytes) and 4096 bytes cluster size X
        4096 bytes sector size and 4096 bytes cluster size (used to be 512 bytes)
        512 bytes sector size and 512 bytes cluster size
        512 bytes sector size and 4096 bytes cluster size
5    What does the principle of overlap mean? (nao demos)
        must be paid first by the client
        the client can also transfer the paid money to the loser of a process
6    What statements are correct concerning forensics in companies?
        There is it a fixed process everyone has to follow
        Guides by NIST have to be applied 1:1
        Guides by NIST can be applied mixed X
        Guides have to be adjusted to fit the company X
7    What is the advantage of looking into data of previous incidents?
        Data can be restored like in a backup 1:1
        Previous incident data can help and recure work enormously when analyzing the current incident X
8    What statements are true concerning the expert report and findings?
        The finding presents all relevant facts from which the later conclusions are drawn X
        The findings are the basis for the report in the strict sense. All conclusions and statements that are in it must be founded on facts documented in the findings
9    What statements are true concerning evidence NONE
        A judge has to acknowledge all evidences
        Evicence consisting of reports by laypersons has to be acknowledged
        Evicence consisting of reports has to be acknowledged
10   What are the disadvantages of using DMA?
        DMA changes the RAM state
        One has to carry a DMA tool with him X
        DMA depends on the OS
        DMA influences paging
11  What are the advantages of using DMA?
        see previous question, all answers were just the same or inverted...
12  What about documentation?
        is the most important thing X
        is a hard thing that is easy to be done wrong X
        saves a forensics guy from being accused to have manipulated the data
13  Software vs hardware RAM aquisition?
        Software is cheaper X
        Software is OS-independent
14  What statements are true concerning Vtypes in Volatility?
        Maps C types to Python
        Supports as many data types as C provides X
        Are used to model a specific OS/hardware architecture X
        Is needed to execute the main Python script (vol.py)
15  You see a locked PC that has no port to use DMA (Firewire, etc.). What do you do?
        Use a cold boot attack X
        Turn the PC off and analyze the HDD in the lab
        Use FTK3
        Use Volatility
16  Which cryptographical functions are used to achieve integrity?
        AES with ECB
        AES with CBC X
        Cryptographical hash functions X
        Fuzzy hashing
17  Which techniques did Max Butler (from the book Kingpin) in the example use? He...
        Hacked into WiFis
        did stack based buffer overflows
        captured RAM X
        used Tor for hacking
18  Concerning HDD analysis, which statements are true?
        Using hardware write blockers is mandatory X
        Using hardware write blockers is optional
        Using software write blockers is sufficient
        There exists a hardware write blocker which can handle RAID X
19  Which of those file attributes exist?
        Modified X
        Updated X
        Created X
        Moved
20  When a file is deleted on hard disk, what does change?
        The file is overwritten multiple times
        The MFT entry is marked as deleted X
        The bitmap of the corresponding sectors is set to 1
        The bitmap of the corresponding sectors is set to 0
21  Which of these points are inadmissible in an expert report?
        Offering legal teachings X
        Uncheckable claims X
22  Which statements are true about aquisition?
        Acquisition is not repeatable X
        May provoke paging X
        Is invasive (RAM regions get overwritten) X

23  Which commands do you use to analyse processes, when doing an forensic analysis?
        psscan X
        pstree X
        pslist X
